then Elif as the team a night answered
if one attempts a word with you will you
become weary but who can withhold
himself from speaking surely you have
instructed many and you have
strengthened weak hands your words have
upheld him who was stumbling and you
have strengthened the feeble knees but
now it comes upon you and you are weary
it touches you and you are troubled is
not your reverence
your confidence and the integrity of
your ways your hope remember now whoever
perished being innocent or well with the
upright ever cut off even as I have seen
those who plow iniquity and so trouble
reap the same by the blast of God they
perish and by the breath of his anger
they are consumed the roaring of the
lion the voice of the fierce lion and
the teeth of the young lions are broken
the old lion perishes for lack of prey
and the Cubs of the lioness are
scattered no a word was secretly brought
to me and my ear received a whisper of
it in disquieting thoughts from the
visions of the night when deep sleep
falls on men fear came upon me and
trembling which made all my bones shake
then a spirit passed before my face the
hair on my body stood up it stood still
but I could not discern its appearance a
form was before my eyes there was
silence then I heard a voice saying can
a mortal be more righteous than God
can a man be more pure than his maker if
he puts no trust in his servants if he
charges his angels with error how much
more of those who dwell in houses of
clay whose foundation is in the dust who
are crushed before a moth they are
broken in pieces from morning till
evening they perish forever with no one
regarding does not their own excellence
go away they die even without wisdom
[Music]